[Music]
Well, let's see about the issue of Uff, there's
a stir, there's a stir among the youth. Now I
looked over there, also about the issue of
Paolo Basile and his alleged dismissal from
Mediaset. No, this afternoon, late at night, almost
at the end of the afternoon, the world
released the following headline:
Mediaset Pressinde, de Vasile as SEO in the
midst of Telecinco's falling audiences.
Well,
what the news is about is
that it has supposedly been leaked that
Mediaset, from the
Italian headquarters directed by Berlusconi's son,
okay, who inherited the
company and in good harmony with Borja
Prado, well, they have already decided to fire
Vasile
from Mediaset Spain. No, that for
next year, when Vasile turns 70,
firing him is not being talked about, it's a leak,
I think it's not true, I think it's
one of those leaks that
[Music]
that is a bit flawed and is not 100% true,
okay, I'll also tell you, it's from the world, the
world has normally brought us
quite reliable things.
Where is the statement?
I'm on Mediaset Spain's Twitter.  and I
don't see the statement where they uploaded the
statement in which they were denying it
Hey
Where is the statement
on Mediaset Spain's Twitter? It's not there
Albert has shown Media 6 Europe to
see what it
makes me Europe
Ah look Well yes it's true Media be
Europe or in other words Mediaset of Italy Spanish
where do they have to go Hi Javi I'm the
girl who the other day gave you the wrong
place to find Primark obviously without
meaning to Sorry about that I'm giving a super chat
to make up for it now crying with
laughter how lovely you were and Lucía a
huge kiss a huge kiss we
love each other Don't worry but my daughter
you don't live in Madrid then Or what's
wrong with you
is that you sent us to a hotel and
we were there doing Canelo and we
ended up going the
next day because we didn't have
time since you sent us back well we
already made the time to leave to
stop that But you were lovely we
really loved you a huge kiss I'm
very glad to have met you And also
you knew it all
you knew it all eh I mean I found this girl
and she knew it all  gossip eh she
knew all the gossip about Jairo's blog
about everything about everything everything she was a super follower
a kiss gorgeous I'm glad you're
here Javi I'm giving you a scoop
vaciles joins dorsia clinics to
expand in Italy we're going to partner with
dorsia I know this first hand Maria
Thank you very much for your scoop let's see if it
's true they haven't spoken very well to me
about that clinic I don't know if it's true
or not I don't
know if it's true or not Let's see
press release stamp this is like a
stamp but in a press release Okay
and merit
Ale indiscretion and give a stamp to stand up
Uy Main suite and City Spanish well
here they are basically saying that they are
forced they are
forced to
command This press release due to the
indiscretion of a
Spanish media outlet okay
mediaset media fore media Ford europe
which says that
the dismissal of Pablo vasile
the delegate of mediaset Spain
is the result of 23 years in management
and that he remains as a shareholder
I think it's because let's see there's
a lot to see I have  seen
denies under statement the dismissal of
Pablo Vasile the results of
Pablo Basile's 23 years are unique and
extraordinary our relationships are
optimal let's see what's going on Let's see It's that
really I think there are people who
have the mentality of a
small child of a baby okay I have been
sent a client to start a live stream
of a YouTube channel
but he's already a clown I mean that's
ridiculous not the next thing
taking credit
for Pablo Vasile being fired
as if he was fired thanks to
him you have to
be an idiot I mean you have to
be an idiot I mean you really have to
have a severe retardation to go and
say on a YouTube channel
that Paolo Vasile has been fired because
thanks to you there is no more I mean really there is no more
okay I mean I've seen
channels saying that we have been
here fighting against
trash TV for a long time let's see Paolo Vasile
Pablo Vasile
[Music]
yes it's true that now it would coincide
with the drop in audiences and that since
November of last year since November
[Music]
so far Antena 3 is winning,
by the way I was on Antena 3 too and it's
much nicer than Telecinco, it's
much newer, everything is spectacular,
but let's see, Pablo Vasile has made
Telecinco and Mediaset
leaders for
many years, for many years,
okay, if Paolo Vasile is leaving now it's not
because suddenly the audience has
dropped because of Rocio Carrasco. I mean, they're not going to
fire Paolo Vacile because of Rocio Carrasco, they're
not going to put in a YouTuber, I
mean, the truth is that it seems like a
joke to me, a
redneck, I mean, to say that it was thanks
to you, look first, if
Telecinco closes many channels, I
know that more than one YouTube channel makes
content. So I think we're not
interested in Telecinco closing, okay,
to start with, a
lot of nonsense, there are people who are
turning YouTube into something much
worse than the usual press, this one with
false headlines and lies and
all that, I
won't worry you, they
asked me for too much money, I
thanked him and threw the paper at him, I
would have told the truth, you
bastard  eh that a YouTube channel
starts taking credit
for asking Vasile let's see if
the man is 70 years old and is a super
millionaire, then there will come a time when he
leaves, he will leave and he will continue to be a
shareholder in the company, he
will continue to be a shareholder in the company.
But you can't say that Paolo Vasile
has been a bad businessman,
that with Rocío Carrasco, who knew
Carrasco, things haven't gone well for them. Well,
nothing happens, I mean, there have been other
times when Telecinco has not been a
leader, okay, Telecinco was the leader if I'm not
mistaken, from 2006 to 2008,
things like that, okay,
and then it became the leader again, like in
2011-2012, until almost last year,
when it fell again, okay. But
Mediaset has been the leading company in
television
for many years, I
mean, it's really [ __ ] to say
that Paolo Vasile is not worth it as a worker
or as a businessman or something like that, I
mean, that's being a little kid
and not thinking, whether you
like it or not, Paolo Vasile took
Telecinco to  to be a leader totally, I
mean totally, it has
been a media beast Pablo Vasile
and he has done it
not only
Pablo Vasile has literally achieved
what is the concept of trash TV okay, I
mean trash TV, I mean junk food
okay What is junk food,
junk food It is a term that is
used for something that is not that it is healthy
okay it is something quick to digest that is
easy that you don't have to cook no that you
leave work tired and you eat
any [ __ ] no you don't cook no but
the junk food chains
make fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
like churros okay And they make a
fortune with
a low investment
well what Paolo Vasile has done
during all these years has been like this it has
been a business with spectacular
audience data they have been leaders
for many years
with a low investment
with very little cost Because these programs that the
programs that
Telecinco make have very low costs for
the profits that they have, I
mean whoever says that spoke to me like that has
ruined Telecinco because it is [ __ ]
because I don't know what he doesn't have a [ __ ] idea
really there is
nothing forever Javi well like  It wo
n't be forever that they're not
the first now maybe they're not the
first now but it's not about
being the first I mean even if you
're not this is like YouTube there are
people who are sick I'm the
most watched YouTuber at 10 at night because at
9:30 someone else was live and you were
second it doesn't matter
being first or second
sex The important thing is what you
take home at the end of the month it's not a
competition it's
a job it's a business The
important thing is that it gives you enough to live on
everything else is being sick It
's that I'm the most watched at 9:48 at
night when the others have disconnected
why if you're not worth it
why if then they don't call you for
anything no event
anywhere because you have no presence or
charisma you don't know how to speak or know how to be
anywhere well
this is the same
as now during these years since
November of last year
[Music]
things are weaker and instead of the
first they are the second do you
believe that being the second
Mediaset doesn't make money
someone believes
Javi but that's how you think, obsessive
No yes Exactly but listen to me Spanish
where do you have to go it was an honor to be
able to greet you I like to support your
channels when I can and that's it
Hey Nao but thank you very much for that
great chat can you imagine that you
win again today you want to go to the
theater again on Saturday or what
Well remind you all that we are
giving away some double tickets again
we are giving away some double tickets again Let's
see says Mimi look md
[Music]